No, I'm obsessed
I don't know how to deceive you to let me go in the end
Give me a chance!
Give me a chance.
No!
I don't know that adults are both martial gods
God of Wealth again
Two gods.
Gansu comes first
Ma family
Lord Deyunde Sin Sea King raises his hand
Your Ma Group has made a lot of money over the years
Do you think the Temple of Wealth
I don't know about your black-hearted income.
How did it come about?
My lord, I, Ma Kui
Chuanzi Ma Wude
May I be Lord Wang for life
Lord Aquaman
Spare our lives, hahaha.
You are worthy to serve
Lord God of Wealth
All illegal income of the Ma Group from today
All confiscated by the Temple of Wealth
And make the Ma Group famous in the next generation family
If it offends again
Never allowed
Lord God of Wealth
Forgive me.
Please forgive me, Lord God of Wealth
All the aristocrats next week
From today onwards, it is necessary to remember that there is a way to make money
If there is a person in power who does whatever he wants
My God of Wealth will never forgive
You really are the God of Wealth
It seems that I guessed correctly.
The loneliness of the world is invincible
How can you feel it?
The God of Wealth is above
Please forgive me for being blind
My family will fulfill the original oath next week
Marry the little girl to the God of Wealth